README.md, before:

# product_self
## My User Manual

> Welcome, Collaborator!

My decision tree begins with three constants:

**Give | Tech | Love**

**Giving**, or unconditional generosity, provides me an unbridled source of happiness and fulfilment.

I considers all forms of contemporary **technology** as synonymous with progress and futurism. This is the only material possession I irrationally seek.

While I look to maximise my positive impact on the world, that **love** necessarily propagates outwards, disproportionately benefiting those closest to me.

**Leadership | Management | Vision | Strategy**

I would prefer not to be labelled any persons leader or manager. However, my ideas, aspirations, and targetted scale of positive impact, necessitate effort multiplication, vision and strategy.

> I cannot achieve my goals alone.

Therefore, I acknowledge that my career path is headed towards a position of leadership and seek your patience as I navigates this unknown.

I fundamentally agree with and look to live the principles of Modern Agile, recognising that they enable crafting our best, most effective and impactful selves, teams and businesses.

Given the above, I sincerely wish to:

- Make people awesome
- Make safety a prerequisite
- Experiment and learn rapidly
- Deliver value continuously

## Product Description

Collaborative by default, I add most value and perform most optimally when working with many people simultaneously.

I am unoffended. Direct, honest, immediate feedback and deep, challenging inquisition are preferred.

I seek fun, dark humour and awkward silence shaking laughter at all hours of the day.

Open, honest, confidential and compassionate communication guaranteed.

Data, experimentation, perpetual change momentum and an invisible lab coat guide all value adding activities.

## Product Values

Never work alone.

Seek to challenge and be challenged.

Apply radical candour at every reasonable opportunity.

Reset assumptions daily and proactively experiment.

Altruism first. Them over you. Find the middle way.

Non-violent. Unoffended. Non-judgemental.

## How not to use the product

Cautiously. I come with no warning labels, and you are encouraged not to apply any.

Without prior thought. Come to me with an objective, critique or lesson - or seek one of the above from me.

Without effort. Questions, research, evidence, your own perspective and opinions, these are the inputs I work most effectively with.

Selflessly. I am here to serve. My prime directive is you. I want you to win.

## How to interact with the product

Directly. Seek me out personally. "Individuals and interactions over processes and tools."

Immediately. Don't hesitate, don't wait.

Honestly. Brutally honest. I am unoffended.

Inquisitively. Stoke my change momentum with questions, debate, challenge, perspectives, opinions and fact.

## How to build the product

Collaborate: Sit and work with me at any conceivable opportunity. We are better together.

Enquire: Come with compassion and learn of my core interests. Communicating them is hard and I need practice.

Educate: In the salient words of Ray Dalio: "I am a dumb shit and don't know anything". Everyone has something of value to teach. Always share your lessons, advice, interests and creations.

Evaluate: Critique me whenever and as early as possible. I celebrate your perspective.

## Product Gotchas and Misconceptions

I excel at feigned confidence and competence. Please challenge me.

I espouse a preference for the scientific method and evidence based action, but rarely finds professional opportunity to practice this (Probably an excuse).

I am deeply concerned. Concerned for you, humanity, the world and our place in the universe. I am eager to participate in active and lively discourse that targets fomenting a better future for all people.

I often prioritise fun over thought and I am prone to carrying the joke too far. Should I offend unintentionally, I ask for your forgiveness.

Commit message:

update with links, some humility and a call for hugs

README.md, after:

# product_self
## My User Manual

> Welcome, Collaborator!

My decision tree begins with three constants:

**Give | Tech | Love**

**Giving**, or unconditional generosity, provides me an unbridled source of happiness and fulfilment.

I considers all forms of contemporary **technology** as synonymous with progress and futurism. This is the only material possession I irrationally seek.

While I look to maximise my positive impact on the world, that **love** necessarily propagates outwards, disproportionately benefiting those closest to me.

**Leadership | Management | Vision | Strategy**

I would prefer not to be labelled any persons leader or manager. However, my ideas, aspirations, and targetted scale of positive impact, necessitate effort multiplication, vision and strategy.

> I cannot achieve my goals alone.

Striving for [Intellectual Humility](https://www.shanesnow.com/articles/intellectual-humility#the-power-of-intellectual-humility) is at the foundation of how I want to lead, therefore, I endeavour to:

- Respect other peoples viewpoints
- Not be intellectually overconfident
- Separate my ego from intellect
- Be willing to revise my viewpoints

I fundamentally agree with and look to live the principles of [Modern Agile](http://modernagile.org/), recognising that they enable crafting our best, most effective and impactful selves, teams and businesses.

Given the above, I sincerely wish to:

- Make people awesome
- Make safety a prerequisite
- Experiment and learn rapidly
- Deliver value continuously

## Product Description

Collaborative by default, I add most value and perform most optimally when working with many people simultaneously.

I am [unoffended](https://blog.cleancoder.com/uncle-bob/2018/12/16/unoffended.html). Direct, honest, immediate feedback and deep, challenging inquisition are preferred.

I seek fun, dark humour and awkward silence shaking laughter at all hours of the day.

Open, honest, confidential and compassionate communication guaranteed.

Data, experimentation, perpetual change momentum and an invisible lab coat guide all value adding activities.

## Product Values

Never work alone.

Seek to challenge and be challenged.

Apply [radical candour](https://www.radicalcandor.com/about-radical-candor/) at every reasonable opportunity.

Reset assumptions daily and proactively experiment.

Altruism first. Them over you. Find the middle way.

Non-violent. [Unoffended](https://blog.cleancoder.com/uncle-bob/2018/12/16/unoffended.html). Non-judgemental.

## How not to use the product

Cautiously. I come with no warning labels, and you are encouraged not to apply any.

Without prior thought. Come to me with an objective, critique or lesson - or seek one of the above from me.

Without effort. Questions, research, evidence, your own perspective and opinions, these are the inputs I work most effectively with.

Selflessly. I am here to serve. My prime directive is you. I want you to win.

## How to interact with the product

Directly. Seek me out personally. ["Individuals and interactions over processes and tools."](https://agilemanifesto.org)

Immediately. Don't hesitate, don't wait.

Honestly. Brutally honest. I am [unoffended](https://blog.cleancoder.com/uncle-bob/2018/12/16/unoffended.html).

Inquisitively. Stoke my change momentum with questions, debate, challenge, perspectives, opinions and fact.

## How to build the product

Collaborate: Sit and work with me at any conceivable opportunity. We are better together.

Enquire: Come with compassion and learn of my core interests. Communicating them is hard and I need practice.

Educate: In the salient words of [Ray Dalio](https://www.principles.com/): "I am a dumb shit and don't know anything". Everyone has something of value to teach. Always share your lessons, advice, interests and creations.

Evaluate: Critique me whenever and as early as possible. I celebrate your perspective.

## Product Gotchas and Misconceptions

I excel at feigned confidence and competence. Please challenge me.

I espouse a preference for the scientific method and evidence based action, but rarely finds professional opportunity to practice this (Probably an excuse).

I am deeply concerned. Concerned for you, humanity, the world and our place in the universe. I am eager to participate in active and lively discourse that targets fomenting a better future for all people.

I often prioritise fun over thought and I am prone to carrying the joke too far. Should I offend unintentionally, I ask for your forgiveness.

I favour intimacy. I like to hug! I suck at iniating - so... embrace me!
